today we're at 1036 south Greenacres
this is a lease to own property in South
Daytona Florida it is a five bedroom two
bath large home on a very good piece of
land you've got a very good-sized side
and backyard here partially fenced lots
of trees
so that's a good view of the backyard
let's go on inside and I'll show you the
inside it's got brand-new carpet
brand-new vinyl flooring was built in
2006 okay so there are two entrances to
the home this takes you into a hallway
and there are two dens in this house so
this is one of the living areas here
okay now we're gonna go into the other
living room area so this house is 2,500
square feet it's huge
lots of space for a big family that's
the kitchen get a better view in here so
you have all the appliances dishwasher
refrigerator and you have a dining area
off of the kitchen
the laundry area here is also off of the
kitchen so you've got washer dryer
hookups built-ins for the laundry area
lots of living space in this home
alright let's go check out the bedrooms
it's a split floor plan so you've got
three on one side two on the other this
is one of the first bedrooms they're all
decent sized bedrooms the master of
course is the biggest there's the closet
in this one here is a second bedroom
this one's a little bigger than the last
one
and then the third bedroom on this side
is also bigger than the first one so
you've got two really good sized
bedrooms over here and then a smaller
one as well in this closet it's a little
bigger in this one you got a walk-in
closet there and you have one bathroom
on this side really good-sized tub now
we're gonna cut through this other
living area and go to the other two
bedrooms so this bedroom it doesn't have
a closet so it is considered more of a
bonus room would make a great office
leading into the master bedroom
or it could be used as a bedroom on its
own and then here you have the master as
you can see it's a really good size and
the closet is huge very large walk-in
closet and the best part is you got a
garden tub really nice garden tub
there's also a shower
and you've got his and her sinks so
there you have it
1036 South Green Acres five bedroom two
bath 2006 modular home on its own land
it is rent to own we offer easy flexible
terms so call us today three eight six
eight six eight five zero nine zero and
make this house yours today have a great
day